Improve usage examples (#60)
auth0/magic: docs/authentication.md

  });
});

> // 2. Supplied seed to derive the keypair from; Buffer or hex encoded string. Seed length can be of any size - although it should still be long and random

Author: Is N something to determine or you suggest we put a number there?

I'd change _Generate/derive_ to _Generating/deriving_ as the first seems more like something we tell the user to do.

> // 2. Supplied seed to derive the keypair from; Buffer or hex encoded string. Seed length can be of any size - although it should still be long and random

Reviewer: N is something to determine, maybe go with 32 bytes here too?

Can also be either `Generating` or `Deriving`, instead of both `Generating/Deriving`. I wasn't sure which one to pick.

> // 2. Supplied seed to derive the keypair from; Buffer or hex encoded string. Seed length can be of any size - although it should still be long and random

Author: How about ti following? I removed should because the function works with any length so it's more an advice than a requirement
```suggestion
Generating/deriving a key pair from a supplied seed, and output a Buffer or hex-encoded string. It is advised that the seed has at least 32 characters and is generated by a CSPRNG.
```

> // 2. Supplied seed to derive the keypair from; Buffer or hex encoded string. Seed length can be of any size - although it should still be long and random

Reviewer: Looks good!

> // 2. Generating/deriving a key pair from a supplied seed. The seed is a Buffer or hex-encoded string and it's advised that it has at least 32 characters and is generated by a CSPRNG.

Reviewer: This ended up in a single, long line.
```suggestion
// 2. Generating/deriving a key pair from a supplied seed.
// The seed is a Buffer or hex-encoded string and it's advised that it has
// at least 32 characters and is generated by a CSPRNG.
```

  });
});

> // supplied key; 48 bytes Buffer or hex encoded string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Authenticating a message with a supplied key,
// which must be a 48-byte Buffer or hex-encoded string.
```

Reviewer: And for [line 163](https://github.com/auth0/magic/pull/60/files#diff-361f92eed2eaa3203409b5ccbdfa0802R163), from `// key generation` to:
```
// Authenticating a message with a newly generated key
```

Reviewer: [Line 220](https://github.com/auth0/magic/pull/60/files#diff-361f92eed2eaa3203409b5ccbdfa0802R220) also just says `// supplied key`. Hope you don't mind I'm looking outside of current changes. =)

  });
});

> // 2. Supplying the public key

Author: Signature verification happens with the public key in general. The private one is used to sign and the public one to verify.

> // 2. Supplying the public key

Reviewer: That's right, I was confusing it with encryption. :+1:
